

Meeting notes for the Dblock Game

27/09/2021

Storyline so far - Players Starts in class and has a teacher (joy) breakdown in front of them, Finds ID card and checks that teachers office
in that office finds a note referencing a party in the "battle room" with a number for joys keypad password. Leaving the room has a suggestion 
for the player that it may be dangerous and hints for a player that they should possibly arm themselves with objects they find throughout
the level. We thought a cool idea would be to have a binary number for the key code to get to last room referencing the note left for joy
since she taught us binary. In the battle room players a left with a choice of would they like vaughn to replace them with a robot
in class so they can join in the party or do they snitch them out and have to fight them.

Ideas for how it should be coded.
Each room will be its seperate method that can be called on when a player decides to enter.
We had originally thought of using an array for using as a backpack(inventory) but have decided it may be easier to use booleans for all the items
We have decided for the bare minium for a floor (map) layout will be 10 rooms. ( hallway is broken up into 3 wings north east west which make
3 rooms, 3 rooms for the different parts of the keycode, 2 rooms for joys office and battle room. Last room is a start sequence class room where player 
starts journey.)
This is wat we liked so far and we can add extra rooms/levels depending on how much extra work people want to get in.

If anyone goes to do anywork in the holidays just put on teams/discord any questions or problems you have 
everyone is going to try log in on the wed class during the break jus so we have a time everyone can ask any quick questions and get update on where we are at

We had a rough idea on what people were going to be left to work on but ill try get floor plan up 28/09 with what people were looking at doing. Can change 
if we need to. please add anything u think i have missed.
